{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red37\green61\blue111;\red226\green226\blue226;
\red46\green46\blue46;\red28\green188\blue94;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red196\green26\blue22;
\red6\green13\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;\red28\green0\blue207;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c19216\c31373\c50980;\cssrgb\c90980\c90980\c90980;
\cssrgb\c23529\c23529\c23529;\cssrgb\c4706\c76863\c44314;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c77000\c10200\c8600;
\cssrgb\c1961\c5882\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c11000\c0\c81000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hello whoever is taking over BountieBot! There are some important steps to follow in order to get this bot set up correctly!\
\

\b Step 1: Installing Python 3.7\

\i\b0 This bot is written and run in Python. We need this to get up and running!
\i0\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
For Windows:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ics.uci.edu/~pattis/common/handouts/pythoneclipsejava/python.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://www.ics.uci.edu/~pattis/common/handouts/pythoneclipsejava/python.html}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
It is very important to tick the box labelled "Add Python 3.7 to PATH"\
\
After you are done installing, open up a Command Prompt window (windows key followed by a search for "cmd")\
Type in python\
Python 3.7.0 (other text) should appear.\
If not, you probably did not add Python 3.7 to PATH.\
Follow these instructions to fix this:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://geek-university.com/python/add-python-to-the-windows-path/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://geek-university.com/python/add-python-to-the-windows-path/}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
For Mac:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wsvincent.com/install-python3-mac/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://wsvincent.com/install-python3-mac/}}
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 Open up a terminal window (Click the spotlight magnifying glass icon and type Terminal)\
Copy and paste these commands exactly as they appear below. Follow the on-screen instructions.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 xcode-select --install\
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\cf3 \strokec3 /usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \strokec6 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install}})"\
\
brew doctor\cf5 \strokec5 \
\
\cf3 \strokec3 brew install python3\cf5 \strokec5 \
\
\cf3 \strokec3 python3 --version\cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Step 2: Download Sublime Text Editor\

\i\b0 This is an easy step. We need this to make changes to the BountieBot.py file!\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 Go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sublimetext.com/3"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://www.sublimetext.com/3}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Download the correct version based on the system that you are using.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Step 3: Install the relevant modules on your computer\

\i\b0 The BountieBot.py file requires several modules to grab information and/or run properly!\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 For Windows and Mac:\
Open up a command prompt/Terminal window\
Type the below commands as they appear:\
\
pip3 install uuid, logging, json, requests, coinbase\
pip3 install python-telegram-bot\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Step 4: Creating the Bot container using Telegram's BotFather\

\i\b0 You need a bot container!\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 First, go to your browser on your phone or your desktop.\
Type in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://t.me/botfather"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://t.me/botfather}}
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 Start BotFather\
Type in /newbot to create a new bot.\
The first prompt will be to give the bot a display name.\
The second prompt will be to give the bot an @ username.\
\
After you are done, BotFather will give you an API-Key.\
Open up BountieBot.py using Sublime Text.\
Scroll down to line 176, and paste the API-Key where it says "Telegram Bot Token ID". Make sure the key is surrounded by double apostrophes.\
It should be something like: 
\f3\fs22 \cf7 \cb8 updater = Updater(\cf9 "XXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXX"\cf7 )\
\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 Next, enable inline mode for the @ space menu options. In BotFather, type /mybots, pick your newly created bot, and press "Bot Settings", followed by "Inline Mode". Turn inline mode on. You should also add some placeholder text.
\f3\fs22 \cf7 \cb8 \
\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 Lastly, if you type in the /mybots command and press the "Edit Bot" option, you can pick your newly created bot and edit the various features, such as name and description.\
\

\b Step 5: Getting Coinbase API Key and Secret\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\b0 \cf0 We can get prices from a public endpoint, but for some reason the coinbase module still requires an API key. -.-\
\

\i0 Go to coinbase.com and create a new account.\
After you are done with that, log in to your account.\
On the top right hand corner, click your profile, followed by Settings\
On the top row, click API Access\
On the top right corner, click + New API Key\
Now, you should see a box with a bunch of checkboxes. On the top, check LTC wallet, and on the bottom, check 
\f4\fs22 \cf10 \cb11 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec10 wallet:transactions:read. 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Press Create.\
IMPORTANT: At this point, store your API Key and Secret somewhere safe. You cannot retrieve them from the coinbase site once you close the window!\
\
Next, open up BountieBot.py using Sublime Text 3, and navigate to line 31. Paste your API Key and Secret in the appropriate fields.\
Don't close the Sublime window just yet!\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Step 6: Last cosmetic change in BountieBot.py\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Go to line 71, and replace the (Edit with bot name) with the bot username that you created in Step 4.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Step 7: Run the bot!\

\i\b0 Moment of truth!\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 First off, for easy navigation, drag BountieBot.py over to your desktop.
\i \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 For Windows and Mac:\
Open a command prompt/Terminal window and type the following command:\
cd desktop\
python3 BountieBot.py\
\
Nothing will get printed on the command prompt/Terminal window, but that is ok.\
\
Go to your web browser and type in t.me/(bot's username without the @)\
The bot should automatically force you to output /start, and the bot will say 
\f3\fs22 \cf12 \cb8 Hi! Type @(Edit with bot name) to begin!\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
If you set everything up correctly, you can ping the bot by typing @, followed by the bot's username, followed by a space. Some placeholder text should appear if you set it up right in Step 4. After a while, some menu options should appear.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Step 8: Rejoice!\

\i\b0 For you are done!\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 If there are any issues, feel free to open up a new issue on the Github page!\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0  \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\

\f3\fs22 \cf7 \cb8 \
\
\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulc2 \

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b \
}